[MUSIC]
Welcome to week four.
What did you think of
Excel's pivot tables?
Don't you think it's incredible how easily
they allow you to manipulate the data?
If you properly construct your pivot
table, you'll be able to easily identify
and analyze the data you'll need to answer
questions that your project requires.
For me, pivot tables help me get oriented
on what the data's telling me, and
allows me to then layer in
more advanced analysis.
Since this week is going to be
our final week, we're going to
have a little less instruction so
you devote time to your final project.
We'll start the week by taking your
knowledge of formulas and moving it to
a more advanced level by introducing you
to statistical and financial formulas.
Having a solid foundation
on how you approach Excel,
remember our core principles, and
understanding the handful of critical
functions you're likely to use over and
over again,
that will help you add value to your team
and help them solve complex problems and
make better decisions.
After looking at advanced formulas
we'll move on to your final project.
In your final project,
you'll get the chance to put
all of your new skills to use.
We'll give you a scenario and
a workbook and give you a chance
to build your own analytical tool.
By completing that assignment I think
you'll get a small taste of how satisfying
it can be to work in Excel.
Thanks for joining us for Course Two,
Problem Solving with Excel.
You know the skills you've learned and the
knowledge you've gained will not only help
you to more effectively use Excel, but
will certainly apply to other tools and
technologies you're likely to use for
data analytics.
Following your final project, Alex Manella
will be back to wrap things up.
For now, good luck with your last week and
we hope you come back for
Course Three,
Data Visualization with Advanced Excel.
[MUSIC]